add support of object/array of events for `useEvent` (#425)
effector/effector: docs/api/effector-react/useEvent.md

```

[Try it](https://share.effector.dev/GyiJvLdo)

## `useEvent(shape)`

**Arguments**

> 1. `shape` Object or array of ([_Event_](../effector/Event.md) or [_Effect_](../effector/Effect.md)): Events or effects as object values which will be binded to current `scope`

Author: ```suggestion
1. `shape` Object or array of ([_Event_](../effector/Event.md) or [_Effect_](../effector/Effect.md)): Events or effects as values which will be bound to the current `scope`
```
